[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Who here
is familiar with Babel?
Anybody use Babel before?
It transpiles your code or
its intention is to manipulate your code.
It was originally called Six to Five,
where its original purpose was
actually to teach this guy JavaScript.
That's Sebastian McKinsey decided
he wanted to learn JavaScript,
so like, I'll write a transpiler.
I don't know, and
he did a splendid job and
called the project Six to Five and
people started using it.
It became really popular, and
then basically all that it did was.
Well, all that it did,
the amazing thing that accomplished.
Was it?
It takes the syntax and
the features from future
versions of the group standard.
The standard upon which
JavaScript is implemented.
And transpiled them, or changed your code
back to something that would work in
with the current version of JavaScript.
With the current group version,
which at the time was ES5,
well, 5.1 technically.
And so, super cool idea, but Six to Five
was kind of not always going to make sense
because now we already have ES6,
we actually have ES2016.
And so
we're moving onto ES2017 next year and
there are features coming down
the pipeline every single year.
So they changed the name from ES6 to
Babel which was actually my choice.
I liked that name, I voted for that name.
So now it
is kind of a general purpose parser and
transpiler thing.
So you can manipulate your code to be just
about anything you want it
to be which is really cool.
And there are a ton of Babel plugins that
allow you to do a whole lot of things,
like ES6 is one example.
React ES6 Transpilation is a Babel plugin,
and then you
can transpile specific ES6 features or you
can transpile all of them using presets.
And pre-sensor collections of plug-in's.
And so you can do all this with Babel and
it's sweet of plug-in's.
So by default, Babel does nothing.
You do have to install plug-in's but there
are common plug-in's that go together.
ES2015 which is awesome known as ES6, but
I always call it ES6 cuz that's
what it was called first.
You can pull that term out of my cold,
dead fingers.
But the preset is called ES2015.
That's the one that we're going to use so
that we can write code of the latest
version of JavaScript, but
still our code can be used by versions
of node that don't support those things.
For example, destructuring,
I think some of you experienced
some problems with destructuring
when you were on Node 4,
setting up this project cuz Node
4 doesn't support destructuring.
Node 6 does.
I'm trying to think if
there's anything else.
Yeah, the whole reason of this is
because we want to write the latest
features of the language.
But still be able to deliver to
you other older environments.
In a small project like this,
that's probably not really necessary.
This is kind of overkill for
a really small project.
Like heck, just write any as five and you
don't have to worry about this build step.
But I imagine that many of you are gonna
write projects that are bigger than this.
Than this one.
And it's really nice to be
able to use ES6 modules, and
use some of the later or upcoming
features like async await and stuff.
And so I think this is pertinent to
your learning and understanding.
So